CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code Reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).

Commit message:

Add link to Issue Tracker for bug reports

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project.

## Bug Reports

Please use GitHub Issues. For bugs relating to Privacy Sandbox on Android
itself (not these developer tools) file bugs on [Issue Tracker](
https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/new?component=1116743&template=1629474). 

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code Reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).
